SNOW-1367208: fix No stored procedure will run in a task unless pin snowflake-snowpark-python to an earlier version. (#1715)
snowflakedb/snowpark-python: CHANGELOG.md

#### Improvements

#### Bug Fixes

> - Fixed a bug that no stored procedure will run in a task because `DataFrame._execute_and_get_query_id` tries to get query results.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed a bug where python stored procedure with table return type fails when run in a task.
```
